Add tutorial for www puhti (#1323)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/computing/webinterface/jupyter-for-courses.md

local_disk: 32
mem: "16GB"
```
### Tutorials

> [Tutorial example for course trainers](https://github.com/CSCfi/Jupyter_www_puhti): This tutorial is useful for course trainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tutorial example for course organizers](https://github.com/CSCfi/Jupyter_www_puhti): This tutorial is useful for course organizers
```
Organizer sounds a bit better to me than trainer

> who wants to provide custom Jupyter notebooks *via* Puhti web interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
who want to provide custom Jupyter notebooks *via* Puhti web interface. 
```
Small fix
